Tens of thousands of university students throughout Indonesia staged mass demonstrations Saturday to demand political reforms by President Suharto’s government.
Vietnamese-led forces have retaken a strategic village in Western Kampuchea after fierce fighting with guerrillas who overran it late last month, Thai military sources said today.
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan announced on Monday that he will withdraw weapons inspectors and humanitarian workers from Iraq.
Burmese troops have captured part of a Karen guerrilla stronghold on the Thai border after five days of fighting, Thai police here said on Monday.
Palestinian riots against Israeli military policies are still continuing with no end in sight.
Switzerland said today it had expelled two Soviet diplomats based in Geneva for spying, adding to a long series of espionage scares.
Irish nationalist guerrillas wounded two British soldiers in a bomb attack on Thursday, police said.
Nicaragua’s Sandinista government today ordered the opposition newspaper La Prensa to suspend publication indefinitely, a spokesman for the paper said.
An attempt to assassinate deputy governor of the Tyumen region, Oleg Chemezov, was thwarted in Khanty-Mansiysk (Siberia), the city’s police reported.
A roadside bombing near the town of Samarra on Sunday killed one U.S. soldier and wounded two others, the military said.
Serb forces killed three ethnic Albanians in a gunbattle in southeastern Serbia Friday, a political council representing ethnic Albanians in the region said in remarks published here Sunday.
Liberian riot police used tear gas to disperse demonstrators protesting election results in Monrovia.
Israel today mounted its long-threatened invasion of South Lebanon, ploughing through the United Nations lines on the coast of south of Tyre and thrusting forward in at least to inland areas.
Islamic fundamentalists continued their hunger strike to demand the resignation of Algerian President Ahmed Ben Bella.
Sudan’s government is responsible for mass killings and other atrocities in the Darfur region, according to a United Nations report.
Rebels in the Ivory Coast on Tuesday blocked transport into Abidjan.
A Palestinian prisoner died as a result of torture while in Israeli police custody, according to a report by a pathologist sent to Israel by Physicians for Human Rights.
Vietnamese and Kampuchean forces were battling for control of a strategic base near the border today, Thai military sources said.
Israeli tanks fired four shell bombs at targets in Jericho, witnesses said, in a rare incident in the West Bank city.
Egyptian police opened fire to disperse Moslem fundamentalist demonstrators on Monday night, killing one person and arresting 12, security sources said.
Thousands of Nigerians from throughout the country were converging Thursday for a rally in Lagos to protest the rights violations under the recently imposed Sharia law by Islamic fundamentalists in the northern districts.
Egyptian demonstrators rioted following a peaceful demonstration calling for the immediate removal of President Hosni Mubarak from office.
A prominent anti-Syria journalist has been killed in a car bomb explosion in a residential sector of mostly Christian eastern Beirut.
Eighty UN peacekeepers were shipped out of the eastern Bosnian enclave of Gorazde Friday, leaving just 100 UN troops to follow them out later this month.
Salaheddine Sidhoum, Algeria’s leading human rights activist, staged a 24-hour hunger strike in prison on Sunday in protest against the widespread human rights violations by Algerian security forces, his lawyer said on Tuesday.
Croatian authorities are failing to uphold the property rights of Croatian Serb refugees, a human rights group protested here Wednesday.
The Soviet Union closed its southern borders with Iran and Turkey because of fighting between Azerbaijanis and Armenians, an editor at the official Armenian news agency said.
Britain mobilized army reservists for a possible war against Iraq on Tuesday while UN arms inspectors said they needed more time.
Security forces in Guinea have tortured scores of Sierra Leonean and Liberian refugees, whom authorities blame for a border conflict, Human Rights Watch (HWR) said Thursday.
Serb forces were engaged in ethnic cleansing in Kosovo against the majority Albanian population of the province, according to the US government.Japan said on Tuesday it had halted economic aid to Yugoslavia in line with Western efforts to end the fighting there.
The European Union failed Wednesday to renew sanctions against Zimbabwe, with the fate of an EU-Africa summit scheduled for April hanging in the balance.
Vietnamese-led forces launched artillery, mortar, and rocket fire against Kampuchean guerrilla camps near the eastern Thai border today, killing or wounding 50, Thai military sources said.
Recent US Predator attacks, occurring about once every three days, have killed at least eight top al-Qaeda leaders since last July, according to Pentagon sources.
Israeli army bulldozers demolished Palestinian homes and civilian buildings in southern Gaza on Sunday, Palestinian officials and US witnesses said.
Militants loyal to Iraq’s Al-Qaeda frontman Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said they attempted to assassinate outgoing Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, in a statement posted on the internet.
Three US servicemen were killed by an improvised explosive device outside of the Iraqi city of Basra.
Israeli helicopters and tanks shelled positions of the Palestinian security forces and residential areas near the town of Rafah.
Both the Phillippines military and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front are guilty of violating the ceasefire agreement signed in March 2001, according to a group that conducted simultaneous fact-finding missions in Lanao, Maguindanao, and Cotabato provinces last week.
A temporary camp for Congolese refugees was attacked by Burundian militiamen armed with machetes, killing at least 156 people, the UN refugee agency reported.
Up to 1,000 ethnic Turks began a hunger strike on Monday to protest against Sweden’s decision to send them back to Bulgaria, where they say they face imprisonment, homelessness and persecution.
One Serb policeman was murdered in an attack on a police patrol by Kosovo Albanians near the border with Kosovo, state agency Tanjug reported Sunday.
Palestinian prisoners rioted Monday at this jail in northern Israel, setting fire to their mattresses and smashing furniture, police sources said.
Poland’s parliament has demanded an immediate admission by Moscow that Soviet NKVD security forces murdered more than 15,000 captive Polish officers during World War Two.
The government of Sindh province has ordered patrols by police and paramilitary soldiers after violent protests by Muslim groups.
Afghan guerillas blew up three main electric power lines leading into Kabul last month and nearly one third of the city’s power supply is still down, the Czechoslovak news agency Ceteka reported from Kabul today.
Prisoners rioted at a jail in East Timor’s capital Dili on Monday joining thousands of demonstrators in demanding a referendum on independence from Indonesian rule, locals said.
Afghan rebels have kidnapped up to 16 Soviet civilian advisers from a town bazaar and exploded a series of bombs in the capital Kabul, western diplomatic sources in neighboring Pakistan said today.
A minefield explosion near the town of Samarra killed two Iraqi youths and wounded five others on Sunday.
Palestinian gunmen attacked an Israeli village close to the West Bank Sunday and killed an Israeli, public television reported.
President Bill Clinton has imposed sanctions on the Taliban religious faction that controls Afghanistan for its support of suspected terrorist Osama bin Laden, the White House said Tuesday.
Sudanese rebels shelled the southern regional capital Juba for the first time in a year on Sunday and Monday, killing about 20 people, relief officials in Nairobi said.
Cairo’s security chief has warned that police will no longer tolerate rallies by the Kifaya (“Enough”) group.
Israel Friday reimposed blockades in the West Bank following the shooting deaths of two Israelis a day earlier, a military spokesman announced.
Ghanaian authorities have deported 168 Liberians for traveling without proper documents on a Swedish-registered vessel, a port official said Monday.
Angry French paper workers blocked the Europe Bridge spanning the Rhine from France to West Germany for more than three hours by dumping sawdust on the roadway, French border police said.
Soviet aircraft including helicopter gunships killed 46 Afghan civilians in an attack on a village in the western province of Heart.
At least three Iraqi civilians have been killed in a suicide car bombing in central Baghdad, Iraqi police said.
Hezbollah guerrillas killed the deputy chief of Israel’s militia ally in southern Lebanon Sunday sources on both sides said.
The Sri Lankan army has been holding thousands of Tamil civilian refugees as human shields in the battle zones of the southern sector of the Jaffna peninsula, according to a press release by the Liberation Tigers.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has lifted its boycott of trade in oil on Namibia, effective since March 31.
The Macedonian army prepared to resume shelling Albanian rebel-held territory as attempts to resolve the crisis on the political front were deadlocked.
British aircraft using precision guided missiles killed 4 Iraqis in an attack on a suspected weapons supply in Basra.
U.S. border patrol agents sexually abused illegal Mexican immigrants with impunity, a human rights organization charged on Saturday.
Demonstrators in Baghdad blocked a road to show their disapproval for the United States’ military policies, a newspaper reported Tuesday.
The United States on Thursday demanded that the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) forsake its nuclear program.
An Argentine judge has ordered former president Carlos Menem to appear October 16 for questioning in an investigation of illegal arms sales to Croatia and Ecuador in the 1990s, court sources said Wednesday.
Israeli soldiers routinely beat up Palestinian detainees on the occupied West Bank with the knowledge of senior officers, a court martial was told today.
Jewish settlers in the West Bank city of Hebron set fire to the offices of the Palestinian administrators of Muslim property overnight following the killing of an Israeli man, Palestinian residents said Sunday.
Angry activists from the defeated Fatah Party have staged rallies in the Gaza Strip against the party’s leader Mahmoud Abbas, saying he must resign.
Thousands of Iraqi Kurds demonstrated in the northern city of Kirkuk on Sunday calling for independence from Iraq, witnesses said.
Israeli soldiers arrested more than 100 Palestinians on Saturday in a security sweep of the Hebron area of the occupied West Bank, military sources said.
